Add docs for mosviz data exporting (#482)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/mosviz/notebook.rst

subsequent notebook cells via the API methods attached to the `mosviz` object,
for example loading data into the app as described in :ref:`mosviz-import-data`.

.. seealso::

    `Cubeviz data export <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cubeviz/notebook.html>`_
        Cubeviz documentation on data exporting.

The `~jdaviz.configs.mosviz.helper.MosViz` helper class can be used similarly to how
`cubeviz` is used in the previous link.
The viewers in `mosviz` that can be used that way are `image-viewer`, `spectrum-viewer`,
and `spectrum-2d-viewer`.

> It is also possible to extract data from the `table-viewer` using the following code::

Reviewer: To me, "extract data" is a little ambiguous and suggests you can extract specific data out of the table? I don't think this is possible? I think something like:
```suggestion
It is also possible to extract the contents from the `table-viewer` via:
```

Author: Good point, I fixed that and added information about the `to_csv` parameters in the most recent commit.

subsequent notebook cells via the API methods attached to the `mosviz` object,
for example loading data into the app as described in :ref:`mosviz-import-data`.

.. seealso::

    `Cubeviz data export <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cubeviz/notebook.html>`_
        Cubeviz documentation on data exporting.

The `~jdaviz.configs.mosviz.helper.MosViz` helper class can be used similarly to how
`cubeviz` is used in the previous link.
The viewers in `mosviz` that can be used that way are `image-viewer`, `spectrum-viewer`,
and `spectrum-2d-viewer`.

> It is also possible to extract the contents of `table-viewer` via::

Reviewer 2: Since the user doesn't need the `table-viewer` label for anything, maybe just call it "the data table" or "the table viewer" or something similar?

    mosviz.to_csv(filename="MOS_data.csv", selected=False)

> Which will load the data from the `mosviz` table into a csv file named
> `filename`. If the `selected` parameter is set to `True`, only the checked
> rows in the table will be output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which will save the data from the `mosviz` table into a csv file named
`filename`. If the `selected` parameter is set to `True`, only the checked
rows in the table will be output. A previous csv file of the same name can
be overwritten by setting the `overwrite` parameter to `True`.
```

Reviewer 2: Added a sentence about the `overwrite` parameter that I added to the method.

Author: Done!
